So far we have seen the data passing through attributes here in the HTML.
The product card component has attributes which are getting passed to the component.
But what if you pass the data inside the tag like here in the product?
I want some content to be passed, let's say an H1 I want to pass and that too with some data.
For example, I want this H1 to be the title for each component.
I'm going to say Apple component.
Let me also copy this H1 and paste for individual product.
Now here instead of Apple, I'm going to say orange grapes and banana.
Let's save this and check the output.
I'll just refresh.
This will come on the same line later on.
Let's open the developer tool.
Now, if I expand the individual product card here, the H1, which you see is part of the actual DOM.
That is the light Dom.
So here we have two terms Light Dome and Shadow Dome.
Why it is Light Dome?
Just to segregate it from the Shadow Dome.
We call the actual dome as light dome as well.
Now this one is part of the DOM and it is not passed to the shadow dom.
We want that.
We want to pass this H1 as a content of the product element, custom html element.
Let's try that with the slot element.
Here.
We have to use the slot to pass the content of the custom element.
So here with H1, I will say slot attribute is equal to for example, I say product title, that is
P title.
Now let's copy this and paste for rest of the H1 as well.
Once we have given this slot attribute here, the same attribute we have to read with the help of slot
element inside the component code.
So let's go to product card or JS and here.
For example, I want the title to be displayed before the image that is as a title of the component.
So here I'm going to create a division.
And here I'll say slot.
This am writing is an HTML element.
So let me also end this slot here and then inside this I'm going to give a name is equal to B title.
So the H1, which has B title with slot attribute, that particular element will be placed wherever
you write this slot element.
If I write this slot, let's say after buttons, then the title will be displayed after buttons.
But we wanted before the image.
Let's save this and check the output one more time.
And now you can see that every component has the title Apple Component, Orange Component, Grapes and
Banana, respectively.
So with the product card HTML element, we are able to pass the content as well.
It means instead of this single etch one inside the product card, you may have, let's say, submenu
items with title, maybe UL and whatnot.
Now let's talk about relative questions.
So what is light down?
So as I mentioned, light dome is the actual dome.
Only whenever there is a concept of Shadow Dome with web components, we need to segregate the actual
dome from the Shadow Dome.
So actual dome is referred to as the light dome in that case.
The second question is how can you manage our display the content placed inside the custom HTML element?
So like in our case, we tried to add an H1.
We may have divisions, paragraphs and whatnot inside this product card customised HTML element.
When we want to display that, when we want that it should act as normal html, then we have to use
the slot attribute and the slot HTML element as well to implement it.